# autocraiyon

Autocraiyon is a cli that automates random prompt generation using a word_list and saving results for the image generator at https://www.craiyon.com/ .<br>
The program requires python >= 3.10.<br>
Autocraiyon supports using either Firefox (default) or Chrome, but you need to download the appropriate web driver for your browser and system:<br>
Firefox: https://github.com/mozilla/geckodriver/releases <br>
Chrome: https://chromedriver.chromium.org/downloads <br>
<br>
The web driver either needs to be in your PATH or in the autocraiyon directory.<br>
<br>
After cloning this repository, run the setup.py script.<br>
The program can be run by invoking it from the command line with the appropriate arguments.<br>
Running <pre>>autocraiyon.py -h</pre> produces the following help:
<pre>
usage: autocraiyon.py [-h] [-nwr NUM_WORDS_RANGE NUM_WORDS_RANGE] [-ng NUM_GENERATIONS] [-sii] [-sbs] [-b BROWSER] [-dp DRIVERPATH] [-nt] [word_list]

positional arguments:
  word_list             The word list to use. If the default is used ('dictionary.txt') and it doesn't exist, It will be compiled by scraping the merriam-webster website. If the argument passed isn't a text file that exists in this directory and isn't "wiki", it will be assumed
                        to be a url and a word list will be generated by scraping the text from that page. If 'wiki' is passed as the argument, a random wikipedia article will be scraped to generate the word list. Note: Since the dictionary is the dictionary and the wikipedia
                        article is random, your prompt could potentially contain slurs, profanity, or other NSFW language.

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -nwr NUM_WORDS_RANGE NUM_WORDS_RANGE, --num_words_range NUM_WORDS_RANGE NUM_WORDS_RANGE
                        Each prompt will contain a random number of words/phrases between these two values, inclusive. Default is (4,10).
  -ng NUM_GENERATIONS, --num_generations NUM_GENERATIONS
                        The number of generations to run. If None, the default, generations will be made indefinitely.
  -sii, --save_individual_images
                        If True, all 9 generated images will be saved in addittion to the screenshot style result.
  -sbs, --split_by_sentences
                        If passed, the text from a web page will be split by sentences rather than by words. This effectively turns num_words_range into numSentencesRange. This arg only matters when scraping a url or a wikipedia article.
  -b BROWSER, --browser BROWSER
                        What browser to use. Can be firefox or chrome. Default is firefox.
  -dp DRIVERPATH, --driverpath DRIVERPATH
                        Path to the appropriate web driver executable for your browser and os. If the web driver is in your PATH, you can ignore this.
  -nt, --no_title       Suppress title splash.
  </pre>
